Sue L.
MAY 16, 2017

It was a random Saturday on a sunny morning in San Francisco. My friend Jess had suggested this new cafe for brunch with good waffles and we'd finally been seated after 30 minutes of waiting. The tables were arranged almost uncomfortably close together, as if the manager had at the last minute decided it was worth packing in a few more customers, but it was just barely this side of cozy.
这是一个随机的星期六，在旧金山一个阳光明媚的早晨。 我的朋友杰西提议我们在这间新的咖啡馆里吃早午餐，它的松饼很不错，我们等了30分钟才有了位置。 桌子排得有点挤没那么整齐了，也许经理在最后一分钟决定它该多接几个客人包装，但不算是的舒适。


The menu was pleasantly concise and I had no trouble picking out the stuffed waffles topped with fruit as my selection. I was looking forward to finally catching up with Jess, after two weeks of being slammed at work, but she was annoyingly obsessed with her phone. After the waiter had taken our orders and she had immediately picked her phone up again, I decided I had finally had it.
菜单很简洁让人高兴，我轻松地点了塞满水果的华夫饼作为我的选择。 联系两周的忙碌的工作，我终于逮住杰西出来放松一下，但她是恼人的痴迷在她的手机上。 服务员接了我们的订单后，她立即又拿起了她的电话，我得说说她了。

“Okay, did you come here just to stare at your phone?"
“好吧，你来这里只是为了看手机的吗？"

She glanced up and a flash of guilt crossed her face. “I’m sorry, this is so rude. It’s just, this new app is amazing. Here, take a look.” She laid her phone face up on the table and turn it around so I could see. It was an app called “StyleIt”. Photos of dresses and shoes and other fashion accessories scrolled past and I could click on the ones that jumped out me.
她抬头一看，脸上闪过一丝愧疚。 “对不起，这太粗鲁了。 只是，这个新应用程序太棒了。 “她把手机脸朝上放在桌子上，然后把它转过来，这样我就能看到了。 这是一个名为“风格它”的应用程序”。 衣服、鞋子和其他时尚配饰的照片掠过，我可以点击那些跳出来的款。

It was slick, but a bit confusing as some of the pictures seemed to randomly disappear and be replaced by others. “What is happening? Why are they disappearing?"
它是光滑的，但有点混乱，因为一些图片似乎随机消失，并被其他的取代。 “发生了什么事？ 它们为什么会消失；

“It’s an evolutionary algorithm that takes your top choices and creates hybrids of new things it thinks you’d like. Then it searches online for the closest item that you could buy. Neat huh?"
“这是一种进化算法，它能让你做出最大的选择，创造出它认为你喜欢的新事物的混合体。 然后它在网上搜索你能买到的最近的商品。 不错吧？”

I shrugged. “I guess. It’s kind of a confusing interface."
我耸耸肩。 ”“我想。 这是一个令人困惑的界面；